About Schema Plus for SEO
Help Search Engines understand your content better
Developed by former Google software engineers, Schema Plus app is the most advanced automatic schema installation service in the world, with more features and more web elements indexed than other Schema services.

Schema Plus app increases the visibility of your site for the search engines. Our team understands how search engines see your store, and provide the semantic information that is needed for better ranking.

FAQ schema and Breadcrumbs schema
SchemaPlus provides the most recent FAQ schema and Breadcrumbs schema from Google. You can easily set up FAQ schema on either your store pages or blog pages.

Review score in Google Results
SchemaPlus is the *only schema app* that reports the content of your reviews to Google. When Google knows about your review text, it can understand your products better.

Your reviews will be included in your schema, and will be shown on Google results as "star" ratings.

SchemaPlus fully supports and seamlessly integrates with: * Shopify Product Reviews App * Stamped.io * Judge.me * Yotpo Reviews * Alibaba Reviews * Loox App * Social Shop Wave. If you are using another app, please contact us for integrations.

Recipe Schema
SchemaPlus fully supports recipe schema.

What is Schema?
Schema is advanced markup code added to your website. Websites with Schema are easier for search engines and other crawlers to index, meaning it’s easier for them to understand the content of your store, and serve it to more relevant people.

Studies show that adding Schema to your website can increase your organic click throughs.
It also adds rich content to your website, which means elements like your reviews or product descriptions can also show up in search results.

Which elements does Schema Plus for Shopify index?
All products, descriptions, photos and product variants
Breadcrumbs
Blog posts
About pages
FAQ pages
Recipe pages
Product collections and categories
Reviews and ratings
How do I use the Schema Plus App?
Installation is super simple! Once you add the app to your Shopify store, all you do is click the setup button and Schema Plus will begin indexing your site. You'll see a status bar indicating your progress, and we'll let you know when we're done.

Why should I use Schema Plus?
Schema Plus indexes more types of pages than any other Schema installation app. Try it for free for 7 days to see the boost in your SEO!

Installation and Uninstallation
SchemaPlus will install itself automatically when you sign up for a free trial. We do not modify your template. This means that if you remove this application, we will remove any traces of it. Equally, you won't need to re-install this application every time you update your template.

Integrates with
Judge.me Reviews App, Stampted.io Reviews, Yotpo Reviews App
